# @night_slayer/fake-js

`@night_slayer/fake-js` is a powerful npm package designed to generate realistic, yet fictional, user data for front-end development. It's perfect for developers who need to populate their applications with mock data for testing, prototyping, or demonstration purposes.

## Features

- Generates a specified number of fake user profiles.
- Each user profile includes a variety of attributes such as name, email, phone number, location, address, birthdate, job title, company name, hobbies, education level, and skills.
- Data is selected in a cyclical manner from predefined lists to ensure diversity and realism.


## Installation

To install `@night_slayer/fake-js`, run the following command in your terminal:

```bash 
npm install @night_slayer/fake-js
```

## Usage

First, import the package into your project using ES6 module syntax:

```javascript
import { generateUserData } from '@night_slayer/fake-js';
```

Then, you can generate fake user data by calling the `generateUserData` function and specifying the number of users you want to generate:

```javascript
const users = generateUserData(10);
console.log(users);
```

This will return an array of 10 fake user profiles that you can use in your application.

## Example Output

Here is an example of the output generated by `@night_slayer/fake-js`:

```json
[
  {
    "name": "John Doe",
    "email": "john@example.com",
    "phone": "555-123-4567",
    "location": "New York, NY",
    "address": "123 Main St",
    "birthdate": "01/01/1990",
    "jobTitle": "Software Engineer",
    "company": "Acme Corp",
    "hobbies": "Reading",
    "education": "Bachelor's Degree",
    "skills": ["JavaScript", "React", "Node.js"]
    },
]
```


## API Reference

### `generateUserData(count)`

Generates a specified number of fake user profiles.

- `count` (number): The number of fake user profiles to generate. Defaults to 1000.

The data for each user profile is selected in a cyclical manner from predefined lists, ensuring that each attribute is varied across the generated profiles.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to contribute to `@night_slayer/fake-js`, please fork the repository, make your changes, and submit a pull request.

## License

`@night_slayer/fake-js` is released under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.

## Note

This package is intended for use in front-end development only. It is not suitable for backend Node.js applications.

